What's wrong uh
That Yan Ting
It's not what you think.
I can explain to you.
Shall we go to your office first?
Clean up
Wait for me in the office later.
Thank you Mr. Ji
Tell me why you hit someone
Su Ran, this woman is jealous
Always like to rob other people's things
He tried to steal my boyfriend in college
unscrupulous
He's mentioning someone else's name in front of you now
Just to seduce you
I couldn't help but need it
No matter what, you can't hit employees in the company
You know what?
Mr. Ji, you are looking for me
The person you're talking about looks a lot like me.
Yeah. Who else?
Got in a car accident and left
No wonder he's emotionally unstable every time he sees me
I was wrong to blame him
Mr. Ji
Can I ask you something?
Say
I want to hug you, okay?
Sorry I probed
I'll go first
Spread your emotions
It no longer hides
You are so unique
Like poisoning
You have white hair
Which department are you in?
I'm still in probation period
It hasn't been assigned yet.
Come be my assistant tomorrow